Add healthcare usecase fixes (#9506)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: components/healthcare/code/healthcare-bbe/connect-to-emrs.md

---
title: 'Connect to EMRs, EHRs, data sources and more'

> description: Ballerina has 100s of connectors for well-known Health Systems such as Epic, Cerner, athenahealth, and non-healthcare systems such as Salesforce, and can connect to any backend that has a FHIR, HL7, or Open API interface. Additionally, Ballerina allows you to go below the hood and connect directly to a database if that's the only way to fetch data.

Reviewer: Let's leave that is as that is, instead of that's.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9506/commits/114a2dd9512f0241a3961fc7d28b263351f0bc43

> description: Ballerina has 100s of connectors for well-known Health Systems such as Epic, Cerner, athenahealth, and non-healthcare systems such as Salesforce, and can connect to any backend that has a FHIR, HL7, or Open API interface. Additionally, Ballerina allows you to go below the hood and connect directly to a database if that is the only way to fetch data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Ballerina has 100s of connectors for well-known Health Systems such as Epic, Cerner, athenahealth, and non-healthcare systems such as Salesforce, and can connect to any backend that has a FHIR, HL7, or OpenAPI interface. Additionally, Ballerina allows you to go below the hood and connect directly to a database if that is the only way to fetch data.
```

Author: Fixed with https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9506/commits/5d6aba1750290656f37d0c94c881894749d56d9e
